one of the biggest weekly living costs
for most people is the cost of their
motor vehicle there's maintenance
insurance and the one that hurts the
most the cost per K well if you're
interested in saving money pay attention
because today I check out a car that's
not only value for money it's also
efficient to run and own it's so
efficient it's got a bunch of awards to
prove it say hello to the award winning
Compaq hey and I gets
the gex is one of the most award-winning
cars ever produced by he and I because
it's just so affordable so practical and
truthfully so well designed it's a small
car that is capable of sitting up to
five adults although to be honest I
wouldn't encourage you did as its
primarily designed to be affordable
transport what I mean is it's a small
car and although it's got the seats for
five it's primarily been designed for
the couple and the single person
averaging just 6.1 litres per 100 KS
with the gaps you won't need a second
job just to fill it up the gets comes in
two models both a three door and a
five-door has a choice of four-cylinder
engines in either a 1.4 or a slightly
bigger 1.6 liter petrol and you can grab
it in a 5-speed manual or a 4-speed auto
now you could be thinking there's a
catch it must have less safety but it
actually has just as much if not more
than a standard family car safety
features included in the gets as
standard include electronic brake-force
distribution electronic stability
control with traction control and it
even includes both driver and passenger
airbags with side airbags in all models
I drove the 1.6 liter 4-cylinder 5-speed
manual which includes ABS braking full
electric windows Bluetooth mobile phone
connectivity mp3 CD stereo and air
conditioning which at the moment will
cost you fifteen thousand three hundred
and forty dollars drive away for a
limited time from John Hughes he and I
now this is a small car but there's a
surprising amount of room in here that
is because of he and O's clever use of
space there's cup holders and useful
storage options like this small shelf
under the steering wheel
he and I have consciously planned the
gets to be space efficient smart
planning like open storage compartments
without bulky lids help to add to the
feeling of space the simple exclusion of
leads and the inclusion of open storage
compartments causes quite the visual
illusion and really does maximize the
available storage making access quick
and simple hey and I have managed to jam
a large car into a small one so you
actually get more for your dollar plus
you get high-end eyes
five year unlimited kilometre new car
warranty to back it up and don't forget
you've got all of the awards to prove it
including the 2009 most economical car
of the year to get yourself into one
take a test drive at John Hughes Hyundai
or to find out more go to zoom tv.com
delay you